Hello and welcome to the Knox video training series.
In this video, we'll show you how to begin using Knox Authentication Manager. Let’s get started!
Knox Authentication Manager is an application that lets your enterprise front line workers
pick up any device in the fleet, sign in using facial recognition,
and launch their apps without signing in each time.
By the end of this video, you'll learn how to add and configure Knox Authentication Manager in your UEM,
deploy Knox Authentication Manager to your devices,
and use Knox Authentication Manager as an end-user.
While Knox Authentication Manager works with 4 UEMs,
this video will explain the deployment process using Samsung Knox Manage.
Before you start using Knox Authentication Manager, you’ll need the following:
A valid Samsung Knox account.
If you do not already have one, please go to samsungknox.com and click Get started to register.
A valid Knox Suite license.
You can watch our Getting started with Knox Suite video for more information.
Knox Authentication Manager requires a network that allows devices to communicate with one another
via Wi-Fi and reach Google Firebase. Both of these features are needed in order to coordinate device syncing.
Additionally, Knox Authentication Manager is only compatible with select Samsung devices running Android 12 or higher.
See the admin guide for more details.
To use Knox Authentication Manager, you’ll need an account with one of following UEMs:
Knox Manage, VMware Workspace ONE, Microsoft Intune, or SOTI MobiControl.
If you use SOTI MobiControl or Knox Manage, you’ll also need a Microsoft Azure Directory account.
Additionally, each UEM needs to be setup (in its own way) to work with Knox Authentication Manager on devices:
VMware uses the VMware Workspace ONE launcher,
Intune uses the Microsoft Managed Home screen,
Knox Manage sets devices in kiosk mode,
and SOTI sets devices in Lockdown, which is similar to the Knox Manage kiosk mode.
If you use SOTI or Knox Manage, you’ll first need to add Knox Authentication Manager to your Azure portal.
Sign into your Azure portal and click on Azure Active Directory.
Next, go to App registrations and click on New registration.
You can simply enter a display name, ignore the default settings, and click Register.
On the next page, go to Authentication.
Once you’ve selected Android as a platform, see our admin guide to copy the package name and hash for Knox Authentication Manager.
Click Configure, then Done. You’re now finished adding Knox Authentication Manager to your Azure portal.
While you’re in your Azure portal, you can grab your tenant ID and client ID,
which you’ll need when you’re setting the managed configuration for Knox Authentication Manager.
For your tenant ID, navigate to Azure Active Directory and you’ll see your tenant ID in the page that opens.
Copy it to a notepad for later.
For the application ID, go to App registrations and copy your client ID from beside where Knox Authentication Manager is listed.
Now you can switch to your UEM console. Next, we’re going to add Knox Authentication Manager as a managed app.
In Knox Manage, navigate to Application and click Add. Select Android and Public-Managed Google Play, and then click Next.
Search for Knox Authentication Manager using the search bar and click Select.
Now click Save and Assign.
Next, you’ll need to set the Knox Authentication Manager managed configuration.
On the Assign Application page click Set Configuration.
In this video, we’ll only cover the settings you need to get started with Knox Authentication Manager.
The rest of the settings you can leave as default or change as needed. Click on each section to expand its settings.
This first section is Enable Knox Authentication Manager policy controls,
which deals with basic settings such as inputting your Knox Suite license. First, set a name for your Managed Configuration.
Next, enter your Knox Suite license key. If you have your Knox Admin Portal open, you can find this in the Licenses section.
The next section is Manage Login controls, which sets how users sign-in to their shared device sessions:
First, select the main login app for your UEM. For Knox Manage, select Other-Kiosk Mode.
Next, select how you want users to sign-in to their shared device session, by face or manually.
Manual sign-in gets users to enter their enterprise credentials
while face sign in gets users to enter a PIN number and scan their face.
In this video, we’ll show you how face-sign in works.
The next section is Manage Kiosk Mode controls.
This section is only necessary to fill if you’re using Knox Manage or SOTI.
In the fields below, paste your tenant ID as well as your client ID
that you copied from your Azure portal earlier.
The last section is Manage Sync controls which controls how devices sync.
First, enter the org ID. This defines how your devices are organized in your fleet.
Next, decide whether your devices will sync when they have the same group ID or when they’re on the same Wi-Fi subnet.
If you chose group ID, enter a group ID and a sync group key in the rows below.
You can generate a 32 digit sync key by entering the command you see on screen into a terminal on your computer.
Once you’re finished, save the configuration, add Knox Authentication Manager to a group, and click Assign.
Now you can head back to Applications and add any other apps that you want users to use alongside Knox Authentication Manager.
We’re going to add Google Chrome and Microsoft teams.
The first step if you use SOTI or Knox Manage, is to create a Kiosk or Lockdown home screen.
Navigate to Kiosk, click Add, select Multiple App Kiosk, and then click Next.
Give your kiosk a name and add Knox Authentication Manager and any other apps you want users to have access to.
Click Save and you’re now finished creating a kiosk.
Next, we’re going to create a profile. Before you do that,
go to Applications and copy Knox Authentication Manager’s package name.
You’ll need this for your profile settings.
Head to Profile and click Add. Give your profile a name, select Android Enterprise as your platform,
and click Save and set policy.
Go to Kiosk to set your kiosk settings.
Under Kiosk App Settings, select Multi Apps Mode.
Next, click on the Samsung Knox policies and scroll down to the Knox Service Plugin policies.
We’re going to set two policies which will ensure that the Knox Authentication Manager app
is always running on shared devices across user sessions.
In the search bar, you can search for the package name for the auto launch policy
which will auto launch Knox Authentication Manager.
Enter the Knox Authentication Manager package name you just saved.
The next policy is Force stop blocklist,
which will stop users from force stopping Knox Authentication Manager.
Enter the package name again. Your profile settings are all done. Click Save and Assign, select a group to add the profile to,
then click Assign and Apply.
Now that you've set Knox Authentication Manager in your UEM,
confirm that Knox Authentication Manager is deployed to your devices.
Switch over to a device and see that it and your other apps were successfully deployed.
This next section of the video will guide you through how a user would register an account with Knox Authentication Manager.
You may need to click on Knox Authentication Manager and download it from Google Play.
Once it’s downloaded, you can open the app.
Click Sign in or enroll. On the dialog, enter your enterprise username.
On the next screens, you’ll have to re-enter your enterprise username and enter your password.
Once you’ve signed in, you’ll receive a pop up asking if you’ll let Knox Authentication Manager
use the Google Accessibility Service API to capture sign-in information. Tap Allow.
The next pop up will ask you if you consent to having Knox Authentication Manager collect and store your biometric data.
Select the radio button and tap I Accept. You’ll be asked to enter and then re-enter a PIN number.
Then, you’ll be asked to scan your face.
After this, there’s one more step. Go to any of your apps that require manual sign into. Sign into them.
When Knox Authentication Manager asks if you’d like to save your sign-in information for that app, tap Save.
Go back to Knox Authentication Manager and click the lines in the top left.
Under Manage credentials, you’ll see the app that you saved your credentials for.
You’re now finished registering for Knox Authentication Manager.
To sign out of Knox Authentication Manager if you use SOTI or Knox Manage, head to the app and tap Sign out on the home screen.
For VMware and Intune, you can sign out by closing your UEM launcher.
Once you’re finished using a device for the day, you should always sign out so that it can properly sync with others.
The next time you sign into Knox Authentication Manager, your sign-in will be much faster.
Unlock your device or click on the Knox Authentication Manager app to pop up the sign in prompt.
Enter your enterprise username and click Next. Now you can enter your PIN and scan your face to authenticate.
Open the app or apps that you saved your credentials for
and Knox Authentication Manager will automatically fill in your information and sign you in.
Now we’ll show you how to test device syncing. Sign out of the first device. We’ll call that device A.
Grab another device with Knox Authentication Manager installed that’s under the same organization and group ID as device A.
We’ll call this one Device B. Make sure the previous user is signed out of Device B and plug in or dock the device.
Plug in or dock device A as well. Once the devices have been charging for 1-2 minutes pick up device B and sign in.
Knox Authentication Manager should automate your sign-in and you should be able to log in to any apps without re-entering your credentials.
This concludes our video on getting started with Knox Authentication Manager.
For more help with Knox Authentication Manager, please visit docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!